docs: add dedicated installation page (#5552)
gnolang/gno: docs/builders/install.md

# Installation

This page covers how to install the Gno toolchain: `gnokey` (key & transaction CLI),
`gno` (language tooling), `gnodev` (local development node with hot reload),

> `gnobro` (package browser), and `gnoweb` (realm explorer). 
> 
> For IDE / LSP support, see [Editor setup](./editor-setup.md).
> 
> ## One-line installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page covers how to install the Gno toolchain: `gnokey` (key & transaction CLI),
`gno` (language tooling), `gnodev` (local development node with hot reload),
`gnobro` (package browser), and `gnoweb` (realm explorer). 

## One-line installer
```

Since this line is blocking the merge, I suggest to:
- remove it
- merge this PR
- merge master into your editor-setup branch
- add this line / change to your editor-setup branch

Author: fix: https://github.com/gnolang/gno/pull/5552/changes/53ba2a872427fcaddbd74210e2e14d700d492e0a..fc27bf649d2a1d096103a8069fca47997046a374

# Installation

This page covers how to install the Gno toolchain: `gnokey` (key & transaction CLI),
`gno` (language tooling), and `gnodev` (local development node with hot reload).

## One-line installer

Download precompiled binaries with a single command:

```sh

> curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gnolang/gno/master/misc/install.sh | sh

Author: Depends on #5492
